This is a movie rental store management system.

The system stores a database of available movies and active customers and lets you perform a number of functions.

NOTE: The "database" is hardcoded. I ran out of time and didn't implement a real database, so the experience is not seamless when restarting the application; added information is not stored. You cannot add/remove movies/customers from the program's menu - it has to be hardcoded in. :(

With this program you can:

  Print the total movie inventory.
  Print all customers.
  Print individual movies.
  Print individual customers.
  Check-out a movie to a customer.
  Check-in a movie from a customer.

To demonstrate the Standard Template Library, I have implemented a few of its data structures and algorithms.

set
iterator

The StoreManager class:
	set<Movie> inventory
	set<Customer> customers

The Customer class:
	set<Movie> movies

The sets store the movies and customers. I chose a set because a set does not store a value/object more than once. This is good because I don't need more than one of the same movie or customer.

The iterator is used to iterate through the sets to print out the movie and customer data, when told to. This is done in the printInfo() functions in Movie and Customer classes. StoreManager also uses iterators to find a movie or customer by id by iterating through their respective sets.

If you use the Check-In or Check-Out function from the program's main menu, try printing out the movie inventory or customer information after to see the changes reflected in the "database". Specifically, the movie "In Stock" count will change, and the customer's set of "Checked-Out" movies will change, so long as you enter valid information.

Make note of the IDs for each movie and customer, because you'll need them to test the programs functions. TO get the ids, select the print movies and print customers functions from the main menu.

I wish I could have thought of a better program to demonstrate more structures and algorithms from STL, but I had no good ideas that worked. I could have really used some guidance or ideas. For the final, I will have to ask you for guidance.
